now the boy Samuel ministered to the
now the boy Samuel ministered to the Lord before Eli and the word of the Lord
Lord before Eli and the word of the Lord
Lord before Eli and the word of the Lord was rare in those days there was no
was rare in those days there was no
was rare in those days there was no widespread revelation and it came to
widespread revelation and it came to
widespread revelation and it came to pass at that time while Eli was lying
pass at that time while Eli was lying
pass at that time while Eli was lying down in his place and when his eyes had
down in his place and when his eyes had
down in his place and when his eyes had begun to grow so dim that he could not
begun to grow so dim that he could not
begun to grow so dim that he could not see and before the lamp of God went out
see and before the lamp of God went out
see and before the lamp of God went out in the tabernacle of the Lord where the
in the tabernacle of the Lord where the
in the tabernacle of the Lord where the Ark of God was and while Samuel was
Ark of God was and while Samuel was
Ark of God was and while Samuel was lying down that the Lord called Samuel
lying down that the Lord called Samuel
lying down that the Lord called Samuel and he answered Here I am so he ran to
and he answered Here I am so he ran to
and he answered Here I am so he ran to Eli Here I am for you called me I did
Eli Here I am for you called me I did
Eli Here I am for you called me I did not call lie down again and he went and
not call lie down again and he went and
not call lie down again and he went and lay down then the Lord called yet again
lay down then the Lord called yet again
lay down then the Lord called yet again Samuel so Samuel arose and went to Eli
Samuel so Samuel arose and went to Eli
Samuel so Samuel arose and went to Eli Here I am for you called me I did not
Here I am for you called me I did not
Here I am for you called me I did not call my son lie down again now Samuel
call my son lie down again now Samuel
call my son lie down again now Samuel did not yet know the Lord nor was the
did not yet know the Lord nor was the
did not yet know the Lord nor was the word of the Lord yet revealed to him and
word of the Lord yet revealed to him and
word of the Lord yet revealed to him and the Lord called Samuel again the third
the Lord called Samuel again the third
the Lord called Samuel again the third time so he arose and went to Eli Here I
time so he arose and went to Eli Here I
time so he arose and went to Eli Here I am for you did call me then Eli perceive
am for you did call me then Eli perceive
am for you did call me then Eli perceive that the Lord had called the boy go lie
that the Lord had called the boy go lie
that the Lord had called the boy go lie down
down
down and it shall be if he calls you that you
and it shall be if he calls you that you
and it shall be if he calls you that you must say speak Lord for your servant
must say speak Lord for your servant
must say speak Lord for your servant here so Samuel when to lay down in his
here so Samuel when to lay down in his
here so Samuel when to lay down in his place now the Lord came and stood and
place now the Lord came and stood and
place now the Lord came and stood and called as at other times Samuel Samuel
called as at other times Samuel Samuel
called as at other times Samuel Samuel speak for your servant years behold I
speak for your servant years behold I
speak for your servant years behold I will do something in Israel at which
will do something in Israel at which
will do something in Israel at which both ears of everyone who hears it will
both ears of everyone who hears it will
both ears of everyone who hears it will tingle in that day I will perform
tingle in that day I will perform
tingle in that day I will perform against Eli all that I have spoken
against Eli all that I have spoken
against Eli all that I have spoken concerning his house from beginning to
concerning his house from beginning to
concerning his house from beginning to end for I have told him that I will
end for I have told him that I will
end for I have told him that I will judge his house for ever for the
judge his house for ever for the
judge his house for ever for the iniquity which he knows because his sons
iniquity which he knows because his sons
iniquity which he knows because his sons made themselves vile and he did not
made themselves vile and he did not
made themselves vile and he did not restraint and therefore I have sworn to
restraint and therefore I have sworn to
restraint and therefore I have sworn to the house of Eli
the house of Eli
the house of Eli that the iniquity of Eli's house shall
that the iniquity of Eli's house shall
that the iniquity of Eli's house shall not be atoned for by sacrifice or
not be atoned for by sacrifice or
not be atoned for by sacrifice or offering for ever
offering for ever
offering for ever so Samuel lay down until morning and
so Samuel lay down until morning and
so Samuel lay down until morning and open the doors of the house of the Lord
open the doors of the house of the Lord
open the doors of the house of the Lord and Samuel was afraid to tell Eli the
and Samuel was afraid to tell Eli the
and Samuel was afraid to tell Eli the vision then Eli called Samuel Samuel my
vision then Eli called Samuel Samuel my
vision then Eli called Samuel Samuel my son Here I am what is the word that the
son Here I am what is the word that the
son Here I am what is the word that the Lord spoke to you please do not hide it
Lord spoke to you please do not hide it
Lord spoke to you please do not hide it from me
from me
from me God do so from you and more also who
God do so from you and more also who
God do so from you and more also who hide anything from me of all the things
hide anything from me of all the things
hide anything from me of all the things that he said to you and Samuel told him
that he said to you and Samuel told him
that he said to you and Samuel told him everything and hid nothing from him it
everything and hid nothing from him it
everything and hid nothing from him it is the Lord let him do what seems good
is the Lord let him do what seems good
is the Lord let him do what seems good to him so Samuel grew and the Lord was
to him so Samuel grew and the Lord was
to him so Samuel grew and the Lord was with him and let none of his words fall
with him and let none of his words fall
with him and let none of his words fall to the ground and all Israel from Dan to
to the ground and all Israel from Dan to
to the ground and all Israel from Dan to Beersheba knew that Samuel had been
Beersheba knew that Samuel had been
Beersheba knew that Samuel had been established as a prophet of the Lord
established as a prophet of the Lord
established as a prophet of the Lord then the Lord appeared again in Shiloh
then the Lord appeared again in Shiloh
then the Lord appeared again in Shiloh for the Lord revealed himself to Samuel
for the Lord revealed himself to Samuel
for the Lord revealed himself to Samuel in Shiloh by the word of the Lord
in Shiloh by the word of the Lord
in Shiloh by the word of the Lord [Music]